Ah
It was a game that the athlete made well and pulled it well .
Well off to the tune of another matter that much since Kim was missing the main choice
What crucial lesson that when the water is at the end of 5 sk crisis of Dean and scores
Do the same to do so now it would be to evaluate the implementation
Today, the master who succeeded in five precious treasures ,
Let's meet the players of the day .
I was lagging behind, but I succeeded in reversing by mixing activity of last regulation player
So how are you so warm.
Now that we 've gotten warm again, we are now in our room and we have two more opportunities
I think that it is the same as today,
With passion
Also I am going to go home victorious look Aosta What a band for transmitting Although equalize
For remaining planted looks right now, so there is still a force to be free to daughter
Dad.Well
Geureongeol's like to be further forward you the best servant was 100 years
What one word a few more years rather than the main harbor when going to end his career
I do not know what it until the end by a stance rookies do not forget the original intention,
I'll do it now.
Want to put two class mates are welcome getneunde
And in today's game, it is better than the first time
Define a player with a lot more when today's second leg game Samurai 7 points ambience
Think you're different.
Hey advance in our little early to go out there again Daesung 3 play offense
It looks like a lot was acceptable among the big round psd Large And again
I was in third place at the Arthur Hub and told me that I could easily give him crossbows.
Because of that, let's do some markings in the second game, except for learning
Since the tendons played under another chapter after another good game today, even false examples
There will be one thing that I 'm curious about when the viewers will be there.
Today we have to go parsing the player Kim Sun-hyung.
Ahaha fast and excited because there are 3 dictionaries per 11 games
I had a short break to prepare for the fourth game.
Now I was able to get the victory with great success of our athletes jiljeong Seoul sk
To many fans who support Knights, as the oldest player in the
I need your word.
Our air again seems geodun yet greater harvest to come away the gods
We needed two more chances because we needed a big shot again .
You can not do the best you can .
You will
Now, I've met more than a pure game players today modified once again win
I will congratulate you
The success was attributed all the rowers released
Please tell us in a word. We heard you were really thrilled.
my tools group d